[Music]
can't tell we just got done at the gym
we're hot and sweaty but when we get
home guess what we're gonna do no hey
wait I can't audio hey make this food
I'm sorry all right guys so we have here
four meals from hellofresh this is not a
sponsored video we are not getting paid
to do this I can promise you that we're
not getting paid to do anything besides
our nine-to-five jobs but anyway because
we really wanted to try this out while I
did what is the same yeah service blows
I'm sorry I really wanted to try it out
see what the hype is all about because I
do obviously see the sponsored videos
and I thought it'd be fun to cook a meal
and vlog it and actually give a real
review by somebody who's not being paid
to do a review just kidding I don't
really know how that works but anyways I
just thought it'd be cool although all
the recipes printer holding on Stinkum
you look at the book shop early stage
and I think they have a salad - they
have the instructions on how to cook
babe you're unboxing you can't unbox
with them alright what did you unbox so
far three bags
four bags I guess use all the meals
this comes like super okay mmm this was
a pretty minimal either so it doesn't
melt
unlike search we got some salsa Jimmy me
some chicken
that meets the bags what did you say you
wanted to cook to my bed the steak so
we're going to cook the Vietnamese
marinated steak so I guess all this we
can put in the fridge now okay we are
having some technical difficulties
because I do not charge any of my
batteries for my camera so we're just
going to do this on my phone for now
until some batteries are crushed up so
let's get into this bag okay so we have
some mints brown sugar lime garlic and
ghazal ranked white wine measures I
don't know that it matters some fish
sauce I'm looking this is so cute
and that's it prep bird
wash and dry off produce bring 3/4 cup
of water to boil in a small pot can we
do that first now we have to press
washing
[Music]
[Applause]
that's lime until you have 1/2 teaspoon
of zest and cut into have do you know is
esta mine we don't even have a zester
things got hard came order
okay it should be fine marinate state
definitely cut steak in half thermal
cutting or place take garlic we already
cut enough garlic
whistles oh this is soy sauce it was
fish haha
open the fish sauce is in the cast so
fun linebacker few little pieces of wine
listen not is easier to okay so we just
finished step one step two we're doing
step three right now
step four is to make salad okay
sauces with white vinegar sugar salt
pepper and then this is horse trot wait
what is this radish
not horse radish radish and cucumbers
which I didn't know that those things
you can come as our son on - we got that
set roof cookin some meat over here and
then you have the rice just boiling
right here
okay I'm back on my camera cuz my
battery's charged a little bit but we're
cooking the meat and oh my gosh it
smells amazing like I'm so excited to
eat this yesterday so far babe
all of the wood there's gonna be amazing
food
[Music]
okay so in this small bowl I'm going to
make the garnish yeah okay here's what
it's supposed to look like and that's
what it looks like in real life
close enough yeah it's pretty close
enough how is it the rocks dude we're
going to eat this and I will update you
guys whether or not it's worth it
so I look somewhat crazy but we just
took showers and we're all clean ready
for bed I just wanted to say how I
thought hella fresh was I thought it was
really good I thought it was super easy
to make and like so great but you don't
actually have to go grocery shopping and
that it just shifts your door like
that's amazing that's like hands-down
the best part because I hate going to
the grocery store I highly doubt we're
going to be using it after this because
it's kind of expensive maybe if we get
like a free code we'll get some more but
overall I think it was good I I don't
know if it's worth it but do you think
it's worth it what you doing with it I
don't know if it's worth the money
because just like for meals is $80 yeah
so I just I think if it was a little bit
more affordable it would definitely be
worth it but or maybe if you had a like
a bigger family I don't know I don't
know it was good it wasn't bad it was
really good and it was really easy to
make but I just I don't think it's worth
it
like formulas for $50
yeah I would show Daniel right now but
he is not decent babe anyways okay I'm
going to end the vlog here I will see
you guys in my next vlog I'm so sorry
that I didn't vlog the weekend I've
logged this so hopefully that kind of
makes up for it I don't know okay well
I'll see you guys in my next one
[Music]